updates with auto-fix for product update (#350)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: changelog/changelog.mdx

## December 2024

### 2024-12-12

- `AI Agent` upgrade, now it:

> 1. considers multi-media sources in content extraction,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. considers multi-media sources in content extraction
```

2. supports transparent checkboxes
3. can handle dropdowns and checkboxes that close on scroll by

### 2024-12-09

> - `File upload`: new step to upload data form a url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `File upload`: new step to upload a file from a url
```

- `Auto fix`: the first version (beta) of test auto-maintenance feature

  <Frame caption="Agent auto-fix in beta version, 12/2024">
    <img
      src="/images/changelog/auto-fix-bubbles.png"
      alt="beta version of test auto-maintenance feature"
    />
  </Frame>

### 2024-12-05

> - 'Show latest test result' display (e.g. from failed run) added to the `test case view`

Reviewer: is it the 'test case view'?
